Q&A

(1) I have to keep formatting the memory card as it gets full. Doesn't it do that itself?

It depends on what settings you have set up. I have mine set up to record over itself so it doesnt get full. However if you dont have it set up that way that it loops every three minutes or five minutes you will have to keep doing that. 

I have never had that problem. What size memory card is it and have you tried another. 

(2) My cam sometimes turns off when driving, and then turns on again, most of the time the camera works well, does there anyting I can do to solve it?

I had the same issue, stephanie from the Support Team assisted me. She recommended to check my SD card. Basically, when it gets full then the camera stops recording and turns off. And if you turn on parking monitor when driving, the camera will detects the vibration and turn on automatically, and then if the camera is not recording, it will turn off again, thus the camera turns off. You might want to check whether your memory card is full and turn off parking guard during driving if it was on. Hope it helps!

(3) I used my camera for several months, the car charger was broken, where can I buy another?

The Service Team is great! I had to order another suction mount for my car, I contacted them and got the package a few days ago. I love this dash cam and the great service!


(4) If I set the date and time one time, will it be changed after turning off the camera, and I need set again when turn on the camera and use?

The setting are saved. There is battery that powers the camera in standby/off mode. The camera records when someone walks about 10 feet in front of your car even when it is off due to the park mode. Great for parallel parking and parking lots. Also records when I close a door or the trunk of my car. The internal battery is for back up and short event recording. My Accessory plugs in my car cut all power to the camera when I remove my keys

(5) Does camera have parking security?

The MS3 has 24 hours parking monitoring function,parking mode monitors your car’s surroundings while your car is parked and the engine is not running. If you have any questions or needs, please feel free to contact us. Our email: kt.support@apemans.com  

(6) Does the camera come on automatically when l started the vehicle?
YES. When you plug it with the car charger, the camera will turn on automatically and record if there is with SD card when you start the vehicle. 

(7) Can you hardwire this dashcam? If so, is thete a suggested cable??

The cigarette lighter charger/power adapter output is 5 volts and 2.1 amps. It may be regulated. 

I think hard wiring to the 12 volt system of the vehicle would not work. I suppose if you found the right power adapter, it could be hard wired to something under the dash or even the battery itself. 

(8) Why the screen of my dash cam will suddenly and continuously be black?

Mine turns black too but it's still recording. It's how you set it up whether you want screen saver and not see the recording image as a possible distraction? I don't want to see the image of recording but that my personal preference. 

(9) Does it include SD card?

Yes a 16GB SD card not included.

(10) How the camera works continuously even parked my car? I know the built-in battery of the dash cam is with small capacity.

Use a hard wire kit, I bought one, and it works great. 

(11) I make a living driving. Can this dashcam record for 7-8 hours constantly on a regular basis? Any help pls. Thankyou

I have mine recording 24/7 in my vehicle. It has the looping feature that you can set your self and it will overwrite previous files unless they are locked or you manually lock them. Otherwise it will continue to record 

(12) I've had a previous camera (another brand) with a battery that exploded from the heat inside the car. Does this camera withstand the heat?

I live in Texas and since I’ve had it it’s gotten in the high 80’s to low 90’s so I think we both deal with the same level of heat but it’s stood up to it so far. Only thing that’s happened when it’s really hot is the suction cup came off the windshield but all I had to do was put a little water on it stuck back on and it’s only happened once.

(13) My car does not have cigarette lighter socket, any alternative to use this product? i have usb ports for power.

You will have to buy a lengthy micro USB cable, the cable that comes with the camera comes with the charger attached to the cable. Also the connector at the camera end, is L shape, if you buy a normal cable with a straight connector, you may have a challenge as it would touch the windshield. 

(14) The camera does not start recording and constantly turns off during driving. Card is formatted and is in working condition, what is wrong here?


https://www.fiverr.com/jerseycao/do-amazon-questions-and-answers-for-your-product-listing?ref_ctx_id=54ab75ba-4ae1-447a-8dee-ebd5449a08d1